♪ (TAKE CONTROL BY
OLD GODS OF ASGARD PLAYING) ♪
♪ Take... Control! ♪
- JESSE: That was awesome!
- TRENCH: Projector.
The expedition of the slidescape 36.
What Darling brought back.
Changed everything.
- JESSE: Yeah, you want me here.
Finding the projector was how it all began.
What started in Ordinary ends here.
You, me, Dylan.
We've all come full circle.
There was a doorway here.
To where Dylan and I went,
where the projector took us, where we met you!
The bureau opened the same door here
but there's just...
...an echo now.
Are you close?
Just on the other side?
Projector's not here.
Moved again.
What did Darling do with it?
I've gotta find out.
- DARLING: ###
###
And the number 36.
There were casualties
on our first expedition.
Communication ###.
There is no sound there.
As if you've gone deaf.
And ### don't work.
###
Trench insists he heard something else.
Our equipment found ###
beyond primary resonance.
###.
♪ (OUTRO MUSIC) ♪
###
And the number 36.
Expedition 3.
We... located the source of the resonance...
...in slidescape 36.
It is an entity.
A living organism of...
...a considerable mass.
I named it "Hedron"
based on its physical shape.
- JESSE: Hedron?
Was that...
...you?
Did he bring you here?
Is that why you brought me here?
You're here.
You're here!
They have you.
I remember from Ordinary.
I thought I'd never see you again.
Hang on! I'm coming!
- DARLING: I'm Dr. Casper Darling and this...
...This is my final message.
It's not the end.
But after this I won't... I won't...
I exposed myself to the Hedron resonance ###.
It is...
It's changing me.
I've...
I've seen...
I've been shown so much.
Slidescape 36 ###.
###
Trench was exposed to ###.
It will now spread.
I've done everything I can to stop ###.
The Hedron Resonance Amplifiers.
I don't know if it'll make a difference.
I won't be here when it happens.
###
Something...
- JESSE: Through here?
###
Hi.
I made it.
- ###.
###
- JESSE: No ###.
Stop it!
Fuck off!
Go to hell!
Get away from her!
Fuck off!
No!
The poster comes down
and there's nothing there.
###
I was wrong.
There was never anything there.
Hello? Polaris, are you there?
###
(SILENCE)
- ###
###
♪ (CREDIT MUSIC) ♪
- WOMAN 1: You're late!
- WOMAN 2: Federal Bureau of Control.
How may I help you?
(INDISTINCT SPEAKING)
- WOMAN 3: There is the new girl
standing around day-dreaming.
She should be getting work done.
Who the hell does she think she is?
The director?
- JESSE: Right away, right away!
- MAN: You forgot something!
- JESSE: I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
No problem.
Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you for giving me a chance!
Let me know if you need anything else.
Glad to be assistance.
- WOMAN: You're late!
- JESSE: It won't happen again, I promise!
- AHTI: Are you sure you are not lost?
###
- TRENCH: Oh, great!
I was just waiting for my mail.
Just... leave it on the desk, please.
Take the outgoing mail as well.
Thank you.
Very good.
- JESSE: What is happening?
I don't like this!
No! This isn't me! I'm not me!
I can't!
Why can't I feel you?
No, I've forgotten something!
I can't think!
Oh, I'm lost!
Where are you? I can't feel...
...anything! I...
...I don't wanna be alone here!
Where am I? What is this?
Why won't it end?
###
I wanna go home!
- AHTI: You should keep trying.
You are getting close.
- JESSE: I need to go inside.
I need to keep moving!
- TRENCH: We've been invaded.
I must act.
I have a plan.
An answer.
I'll take the slide projector.
- JESSE: I won't let them win!
That's how it happened.
The Hiss got Trench first.
He turned on the projector.
He let them in.
I have to remember.
The Hiss...
The Hiss is the enemy.
This is all inside my head.
The Hiss burrowing in. I'm trapped in here.
### taking over.
I will fight this.
I will find a way to push them out.
- AHTI: (CHUCKLES)
Welcome back!
I knew I chose a good assistant!
(CHUCKLES)
- ###
- JESSE: I need my gun.
- ###.
###
- JESSE: I know what I must do.
Start at the beginning.
I should've seen it earlier.
This is my mess to clean up.
My fight.
No one else's.
I am...
...the director.
(PHONE RINGS)
- DARLING: Hello?
This is Dr. Casper Darling.
I have a classified message for the director
of the Federal Bureau of Control.
I have sad news.
Hedron...
...is gone now but it was not a source.
It was a catalyst.
Do you understand?
You must go to my office.
The end game.
It will be revealed.
- ###
- JESSE: ### I can't...
...feel you. I can't...
This is what Dylan ### all along.
But there's something I can feel it
but I don't know what.
The motel is a place of...
...power of change,
a place to pass through.
Connecting everything.
This is a dream inside my head.
Why shouldn't it take me
anywhere I wanna go?
♪ (DYNAMITE BY
CASPER DARLING PLAYING) ♪
♪  ♪
♪ Nobody knew her name. ♪
♪ But she turned up just the same ♪
♪ There was a knock on the door ♪
♪ A thump on the floor,
and the party turned insane ♪
♪ As she called out her name... ♪
♪ And she walked in,
looking like dynamite ♪
♪ She said, "Now come along,
boogaloo through the night" ♪
♪ And by the way she's moving,
well, dynamite ♪
♪ Might she not,
with all she's got ♪
♪ She's got the whole town
lighting up dynamite ♪
♪ Nobody quite knowing what to do,
wrong or right ♪
♪ But they all know
Jesse is dynamite ♪
♪ They're right! ♪
♪  ♪
(MUSIC ENDS)
(WHISPERING) Jesse.
(STATIC)
- JESSE: This is so weird!
But it is my head!
You were such a weirdo, Jesse!
- ???: Grow brighter.
Around one constant.
They revolve.
- JESSE: Hedron is dead.
But... you're alive!
Here? In me?
Maybe Hedron put you in her head
when we met her.
Maybe you were always there.
Ans she was trying to teach me
how to trigger you.
Maybe I'll never understand.
Maybe I don't need to.
Trench was the first
to be corrupted by the Hiss.
Slowly over the years.
His need for control only made it worse.
It was Trench who took the projector
to the Nostalgia Department.
He opened the door to the Hiss.
Just like that.
With Hedron dead,
the Hiss tried to corrupt me too.
But I'm stronger than them.
We're stronger!
They're waiting.
They'll try to stop us.
(UNINTELLIGIBLE SPEAKING)
- DYLAN: My sister has this ###.
Bad dream.
And the whole world ###.
- JESSE: Dylan?
- DYLAN: ###.
###
I had to wake her up.
I had to rip down...
...the poster she's been staring at.
Cut off her ### to make her see.
To save her.
- ###.
- JESSE: I knew he's still there somewhere.
Locked inside.
I know because that's how it was for me.
(ENEMIES SPAWN)
Dylan's in a coma.
I don't know if there's anything of him left in there.
###
The portal's been closed.
But the Hiss is still in the Oldest House.
And the lockdown can't be lifted
as long as any trace of it remains.
I'm working on a solution with my management team
but there's still a long road ahead.
I'm the director of
the Federal Bureau of Control.
We're in this together.
You...
...and I.
♪ (CREDIT MUSIC) ♪